HESIOD DISTRIBUTION INFORMATION				7 AUGUST 1988

Welcome to Hesiod, the Project Athena nameserver.  Hesiod can provide
general name service for a variety of applications and is based on the
Berkeley Internet Name Daemon (BIND).  This is version 1.1 of the Hesiod
distribution.

This distribution currently does not include application code, except for a
simple test program.  Hesiod-based applications will be made available
shortly.

This version of Hesiod is based on BIND 4.8, the version currently available
from Berkeley.  If you do not have BIND 4.8 already, you should install it
first.  It is available via anonymous FTP from ucbarpa.berkeley.edu in the
directory pub/4.3.  The configuration is a bit unusual, since Hesiod queries
are not yet supported by the root name servers.

This directory contains the following files and subdirectories:

	README - this file.
	INSTALL - installation instructions.
	doc - documents on Hesiod. (See doc/README for a description of
		them.)
	examples - Example data files for the nameserver.  (See examples/README
		for descriptions.)
	hesiod - sources for the Hesiod library, test program, and
		manual pages.
	include - new versions of include files.
	named - new version of the BIND 4.8 named program.
	res - new version of the C library resolver routines.

The file INSTALL describes the installation procedure.  Currently, the
only system the instructions apply to is 4.3BSD with source code.  At
some point we hope to include support for other systems, including IBM
4.3/RT, DEC Ultrix, and SunOS.  It should be straightforward to install
Hesiod on any system that runs BIND 4.8, however.

It should be noted that at this time, this version is in only limited use
at Project Athena.

A discussion of Hesiod takes place on the mailing list
"hesiod@athena.mit.edu."  To join, please send mail to
"hesiod-request@athena.mit.edu."  Please send any bug reports or suggested
changes to the mailing list.

Some of the configuration files and documents refer to other software
packages developed at Project Athena.  For more information about them, send
mail to "info-athena@athena.mit.edu."

Thank you for using Hesiod, and good luck.

	Win Treese
	DEC/Cambridge Research Lab & Project Athena
	treese@athena.MIT.EDU
